Well everyone and welcome to the our basics training exercise lecture.
So your first training exercise.
I want to just take the time in this lecture to show you how to access the training exercise how to
approach it and what's coming up next.
Let's go ahead and jump to the course notes.
All right.
Here I am at the course notes in order to access the basics training exercise or any training exercise
in the upcoming section.
Just go ahead and double click on the training exercise folder then click on exercises and you should
see the basics exercise.
Once you've completed that exercise you can go back to exercise solutions and reference the solutions
lecture.
Let's go ahead and show you what the actual exercise notebook looks like.
All you have do is double click on this HTL file called our basics exercise and you should have it set
up so that your browser preferably chrome opens it up and this is what it looks like.
All you have to do is then read through the instructions and answer the following problems using our
.
For example the very first question is what is tudes the power of 5.
Now the point of that type of question is asking you Do you remember how to do exponents in R.
You'll go ahead and open up our studio and just answer the questions.
Create a vector called stock prices with these following data points etc..
Don't worry if the output of this particular notebook doesn't match at least formatting wise the output
of our studio they're going to be a slightly different.
For example this vector output is shown vertical instead of horizontal but that's not a big deal.
Only thing that needs to match up is the actual answers not the actual format.
This exercise should be pretty basic because you haven't learned a whole lot about our.
I just want you to feel comfortable going through a training exercise and answering some questions.
All right.
Best of luck on a training exercise.
Coming up next is a video where I walk through the solutions for the exercise.
And again you can always reference the solution exercise notebook on your own.
In case you just want to quickly check your own answers.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.